hello welcome to my
channel with you elena today we will learn
knit gum cob for it would be us we
we collect 40 loops on our specialists
and start knitting first row first
loop we remove further provyazhaem 1
purl 1 facial 1 purl 1
front and back loop now we
counting the first second and third loop
knit we enter the needle for the front
wall 3 loops grab the working thread
and knit the facial loop next we
knit with you
the first first loop of the front and the second
also face loop
loop now lowering again 3 loops
the back wall we grab the second
loop and knit it with a face loop
then we knit the third loop too
behind the rear wall of the front loop and the first
loops we lower further we knit 1
purl facial purl facial and
wrong and again we knit our
cob grab the third loop
knit it with a face loop then we
provyazyvaem first loop descends and
knit the second and lower now
knit the second loop with the front loop
the third front loop behind the back wall and
we knit the first loop further 1
purl facial purl facial and
wrong and again our cob into the third
knit the loop then knit
first and second loop and again
tying 2 loop 3 loop for the back
wall
and the first loop was tied off
purl facial purl facial and
wrong last edging loop at
us wrong side so we're done
knit first row
turn over our sample second row we
knit 3 loops that we have in
previous row
if it is facial we knit facial
if it's a purl loop we knit
with you
purl loop so we knit up
end of row
last an edge we have Wrong
finished knitting you second row now
we have these two rows with you repeat
knit to the desired height of our gum
cob repeating the first and second row here
This gum cob we got
we have one-sided gum therefore
you can knit her in a circle
Thank you all for your attention if there is
write questions in comments with you
Helena
bye Bye